Good evening, everybody. Thank you for joining us again today.
I'm excited to be here. I've got my sweetheart with me tonight.
I told her, 'Come, you've got to come on.'She said, 'I'm doing some things.'I said, 'Well, baby, tonight's the night I need you.'So I'm excited she's here and we're going to get right into it.
There's a lot going on, and so I haven't been with you in three days. I've taken the time to seek the Lord.
In doing so, I just love my personal—like I said, if I have my time and it's not public, I call it my hermit stage where you can just draw back and just be with Him alone and talk.
I don't know, I just love it; there's just nothing like it. And I told her, 'Man, I've got some really good heavy revelations'—I want to call them heavy revelations from the Lord.
You know, the impartations and the manifestations of the glory. I'm so excited that Jesus is coming.
I get so excited about the soon return of the Lord Jesus and what He's doing in the church right now.
When we were with you last broadcast three days ago, I saw to pray for Erica. Erica Kirk, the Lord put it on my heart very strong.
I saw an attempt against her life, and the Lord showed me a blond-headed person that was in transition.
Could you put a thing on Megan's door, son? Up there. Do you hear her already?
Thank you. This person was in transition and had an assignment to hurt Erica Kirk.
And I was praying for Erica Kirk in this last video, interceding for her for protection for her family.
And this was a spirit behind this individual to kill, steal, and destroy.
And then coming against PTSD over her mind, over her body, that she would sleep good at night, that there would be peace over her children, and that there would be a...
and I sang that song 'Quiet as a Snowflake in the Night'because the Lord put it as a lullaby. It was the Father's heart.
And He said, 'This isn't just concerning Erica Kirk; this is for everybody who is not able to sleep at night praying for peace.'And it was in the middle of the night.
It was like 11:00, 12:00, almost 1:00 whenever the Lord showed us that at the very end to pray for her.
That was Thursday, right? Yeah, Thursday. So now we fast forward to all that is going on right now, praying over President Trump.
Today is his birthday. Today are the no Kings rallies. Praying over New York, praying over all these major assignments.
Well, when I heard him announce that he is getting ready to go to the G7 meeting in France, my antenna came up really strong because if we go back to January and what the Lord said about the Prime—and so I hate quoting governments, but I have to in some of this.
I saw somebody secret within Russia and somebody in France.
That's all I'll say at that because it's easier to do that today.
Specifically, they had an assignment to eliminate our president on a building that was 50 yards—I saw a.50 caliber weapon being used way far away, about a mile away.
It looked like it was a long, long shot, and it was a.50 caliber weapon.
I could see the scope on this thing was massive—a massive scope. I've never seen one in real life.
This scope was like a telescopic lens; it's huge on this weapon.
And when I saw this, he was laying on top of a roof and he had a black outfit on with a black stocking hat, and it was a white man.
I saw this white man and he looked white to me, and he was laying on this rooftop. And I saw President Trump getting off of Air Force One.
He was coming out of a building, whatever this was; it was like he was coming down these steps, and as this happened, I saw it hit him—it did what they wanted to do.
And the Lord said, 'You must intercede for his life, for there will be an attempt that will try; it will be successful.'He was holding the church accountable for how we pray for him, how we intercede for him to make sure that he makes it across the finish line for great decisions.
He was in the valley of decisions concerning Iran and Israel and pride and all these things that the Lord has had us praying for him.
I've been interceding for this man, I think more than I've interceded for my own family, to make sure that he makes his mission.
To pray for his children, for the attempts upon his children's lives—praying for Ivanka, praying for Don Jr., praying for Eric and Barron and Tiffany and especially Kai.
The assignment on Kai—praying for his granddaughter. And you know what I think is very interesting?
Ever since he's been president, I see her more around him in special events than I see his kids.
She's sitting right next to him. At the Knicks game, she was sitting right there at the golf tournaments.
Sitting right there. There are so many times that I have seen this older granddaughter, Kai, with President Trump. And that's what the Lord said: 'Do you see?
Do you see this is not just coincidence that I've commissioned you to pray for this young girl for a hedge of protection around and about his granddaughter?'These children are targets, praying for his kids.
And so I'm praying for his kids, I pray for his granddaughter.
We pray for a widow. We pray for Kai all the time, don't we? Diana and I pray for Kai all the time.
And now I've been praying for her mother for cancer that she'll be healed and whole and well.
And you know, just praying for the family—just my assignments.
God puts you on an assignment and you stick with it until He releases you from it.
And then you know when you've accomplished it, you finished the job, right?
Because you have a release to go on to something else. But I haven't, to keep praying for President Trump.
But Usha in the vision, in this visitation that I saw, I saw her pregnant with child, and she was eight to nine months.
So much so that, whenever—you know, ladies, whenever you get to that point of pregnancy where your belly button pokes out because there's no more room—that's what I could see through her clothes, which was interesting because she had a dress on, like a green-looking outfit that looked like it was Hindu.
It looked like a green—but I could see her belly was big and I could see her belly button from in there, and she was standing behind a door as she was listening to her husband, JD Vance, who was now president of the United States.
And Erica was there. I could see Erica sitting on the couch, and she was talking about losing her husband and how she was trying to console the United States of America for President Trump in this visitation.
And I saw seven oak trees that were blackened. I saw the moment this happened that there was a major war that took place because of President Trump's life.
And it was a very detailed, very detailed vision. And I knew what happened around the 250th anniversary. The Lord said, 'Pray.
This is the attempt time.'Well, he announced yesterday or two days ago, I guess publicly—maybe he's probably announced it all the time; first time I've heard it—'I'm going to France.'And I went, 'Oh no.'For three days—Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday—and he's supposed to have dinner with Emmanuel Macron.
Then if you remember, I saw jewels being presented to Trump that looked like emeralds—that were beautiful jewels—to congratulate America on their 250th anniversary.
That inside of the jewel was a pentagram. There was satanic symbolism with these gifts that are being given to him from other nations.
And there were beautiful jewels. Does anybody remember that?
If you follow this channel, do you remember the Lord showing us that, praying about the jewelry?
I saw pentagrams in the jewelry. President Trump is going to have Macron host him for dinner at the G7 summit.
He leaves tonight or tomorrow after his birthday party at the UFC fight for his 80th birthday.
While praying, the Lord said, 'Remember, I saw great distractions. Great distractions are coming.
I saw a nation wounded, not a fatal wound, but a wound that would bring the bride to the side.'Trump heads to the G7 summit in France after reaching a deal to end the war with Iran.
Does the deal stick? Is this the reprieve that brings forth Ezekiel 38 and 39?
I saw a reprieve, a pause with a blow-for-blow, a season like a pause as they lick their wounds.
As they were getting ready for Ezekiel 38 and 39, I saw Turkey beating their war drums. The focus started to shift towards Turkey and Syria.
In the days ahead, I saw plans with Russia and Turkey talking to take over the Black Sea for a major escalation of war because of what Europe is doing.
I saw a web that was black, with a black widow that went from place to place, representing Zelenskyy trying to provoke a major war with Europe.
Turkey is considering large naval exercises in the eastern Mediterranean, sending a strong message to Israel and Greece.
Turkey will rise up like a vampire in the days ahead. I saw him with a vampire-looking cloak on, and he was furious.
I saw them coming to the aid of the Syrians. Putin said many enemies under Napoleon were not just from France; it was the entirety of Europe.
With Hitler, it was the same thing. Look at what happened during the Battle of Stalingrad.
Some even entered NATO to make sure they get a slice of the pie.
We are a single people, but we are united in our multitude, and we must be a step ahead.
I saw in the spirit a Hitler swastika coming up out of Germany again with sacrifices to that Molok.
It was a demon; it's Molok. I saw a darkness coming over Europe, over England, with Big Ben turning into a moon.
I saw churches burning and a major shaking to awaken; a major revival is coming.
Turkey is fixing to do all this. Russia is having major gas lines after Ukraine struck their oil.
They are lining up to get gas because they're out of gas in Russia.
When I told you our water infrastructure was a target, the Lord said to pray specifically for water plants against cyber attacks.
I saw attacks against our substations; some cities would be without electricity for up to three weeks.
The California water system was hit by Iranian hackers, a terrifying threat to drinking supplies.
Pray for Princess Kate concerning her health, her stomach area, and her uterus. I saw something very serious. Pray for George.
I saw an assignment for him to be groomed for something dark with witchcraft, becoming part of the Antichrist system.
He's only 12, but I saw him at 17 or 18, and his voice would become louder than his father's.
Trump thinks Putin told him he was the first foreign leader to call him today for his birthday.
I saw him siding with Russia more than with Ukraine and Europe.
I'm curious what the G7 will be like with Macron because I said Macron is the Ishmael to the Isaac.
Everyone's going to think Macron is the Antichrist, but he is the Ishmael to the real one.
When Steven Spielberg comes out with his movie, you're going to see a lot of alien stuff in the news.
They're going to start to tell you about all these false demonic alien invasions.
This is what Jesus told me when I was on the side of heaven with him.
He told me, "This is one of the major signs that I want you to watch."This was 2014.
They'll talk about aliens a lot before my return. There'll be an alien visitation, a false one, a demonic spirit.
You entertain angels unawares, but you entertain demonic spirits unaware.
Now they have released this photo. I don't know if this is AI, Photoshop, or some kind of weirdness. They pulled it down. It had over a hundred million hits.
The original got shared over 17,000 times in a matter of just an hour or something; it went viral, and they pulled the photo—the White House did.
This is weird. They're all trying to make excuses. What is this? Well, it feels dark.
Regardless if it's Photoshop or fake or whatever, the White House is playing around if they are.
But it was out of the White House when they posted this photo.
I don't know what these people are; this is not lizard people.
These are demonic-looking people, like those from Lord of the Rings.
But interesting, huh? I thought, you know, this is what I told you: a great distraction.
Watch as you see the Clarity Act push. They'll push the Clarity Act in the days ahead.
There'll be a distraction over here as they're working over here.
I saw manipulation with crypto as they get ready to install the beast system in the days ahead.
A Clarity Act will come to make a line that's like a black line, as black as this microphone, which will be black like onyx.
I saw a distraction with all this alien stuff around the 14th.
It's the week of the 14th; this is happening right now, just like the Lord said.
That's spot on. He said, "Watch this. It will happen."This happened on the 13th, yesterday.
Is that correct? Yes. So the 13th, 14th, and today—all this is being released.
They're talking about this alien stuff, and this is what the Lord was saying: distractions. Watch the 14th.
Then he announced, "I'm leaving to go to the G7 on the 14th into the 15th."This is the timeframe when the Lord said to pray for his life.
Then I thought this was interesting. In the word, do you have the word about seeing fish from the deep?
No, I don't. I didn't have that photo. I can get the photo real quick.
Now, there are a lot of people that say this was old. I have not seen this before, so if it is old, forgive us.
But what was that, babe? the comments? Oh, they're trying to say that he was a Red.
Oh my goodness. No, I think that's that girl that betrayed him in the Republican party.
We'll see fish that we've never seen before come up and start showing up on the shore.
I saw a major volcano going off in the water in Italy in this area.
I'm talking a major volcano going off, and 300,000 people perish when it happens on the coastline of Italy.
But the Lord said signs that are getting ready to happen are when these fish—the doomsday fish, these fish that have never been seen before—start washing up on the shore.
I thought this was interesting because Braden said, "Dad, you remember you gave that word about the fish washing up that we've never seen before?
I've never seen this fish."That thing looks like some kind of demon; it's dark-looking, has black teeth—it's spooky.
But it's on the shore, and so people are asking about it. They said, "Have we not seen that a year ago, two years ago?"I don't know.
All I know is we saw it today and it was a fresh post. Whether or not somebody's recirculating it, I don't know.
Sometimes people do; they recirculate stuff. But isn't that interesting?
Because the Lord told us to start watching for these things coming up out of the deep water.
Concerning Portland, Oregon: I saw right off the coast in the Pacific Ocean a major volcano, a major earthquake going off in the ocean out by the Oregon coastline.
I saw whales dying. I saw major populations of fish all washing up on the shore in the days ahead.
Major disruption of fish. And the Lord told us to pray about fires.
Where are these fires? Somebody said there's a church on fire. Okay, so they're burning the churches in France.
They don't know what happened, but they said the church completely caught fire.
We know what happened. I said they're going to burn the churches in the days ahead.
I said they're going to burn them in Europe, they're going to burn them in Canada, specifically Toronto, and they're going to burn them in America.
They're going to poke the church, and you're going to see old historic buildings burning—old churches that are a thousand years old burning down to the ground.
It would be symbolic of revival coming. But I saw the church getting very upset, and it was the Muslim Brotherhood burning these churches.
So a church is burning. How many are burnt now? This was last night in France. This is what the Lord showed us was coming.
So I warned you what the Lord said, and there's going to be a lot of them, especially in Toronto.
They're going to burn a lot of churches in Toronto. Then these people are acting nuts, burning stuff in New York City last night—school buses.
Why are the school buses there? Why are people acting nuts? Because the New York Knicks won the basketball game after 50 years.
I don't think they burned anything, but I remember seeing fires in New York.
I said I see things on fire in New York, and I saw more fires than that.
So we'll continue to pray for New York because I saw a lot of fires.
One fire is not what I saw; one burning is not what I saw. I saw a lot of fires.
I saw major buildings burning in New York, and people were rioting.
So if we stopped it, great, but I still feel in my spirit there's something coming.
Definitely, the Lord said, "Brandon, that is not what you saw.
Not this. There is more coming for New York City."Praying for New York. I hear that by the Spirit of God right then as I was talking.
The Lord said, "That's not it, Brandon."So we're here, we're transparent.
Look, a volcano is going off in Mexico last night. That's neat. But what is that? More meteors in the sky in Mexico.
Did you see the UFO files with the orb, the big one, and all the other ones?
Benny Johnson had it on his channel. Did you see that? No, I'm just saying because we released it and Benny Johnson took it.
There was a red orb, and it was huge—it was a mothership—and all these other little orbs started coming out of it. Did anybody see that? I thought that was pretty spooky.
I said, "Wow, they got it all on video."And I said that the Lord said they would release the evidence a little at a time, and then they're going to give you the motherlode.
The last file is the motherlode. It's the one that's going to be a shock and awe to the nations, but they're releasing things a little at a time.
It's like they are desensitizing you. Right here: deep earthquake to strike Italy and a massive volcano system.
I said, "Watch this, it just happened."But it was in a cove where I saw all the devastation with the tsunami wave.
It was a tsunami wave that wiped the people out, and 300,000 people went home.
So we try to update you on the news. I hadn't been with you in three days.
I hope it flowed pretty good. Did you get anything else, Braden?
Yeah, I think that's it. Are you sure? So, we're going to pray for President Trump right now.
We're going to pray for his safe travels, and we're going to pray over the 250th anniversary.
There are so many things, and we'll just see where the Holy Spirit leads us tonight.
I hope you got the news update. Braden likes to do the news; we love doing the news. Isn't it fun?
It shows you where we are in the signs of the times and how close we are to the coming of the Lord.
I was focusing on Numbers today, whenever the Lord... when the cloud moved over the children of Israel.
As it moved, you needed to move with it. If the children of Israel would have stayed, they wouldn't have had the blessing.
Provision is always there when you're attached to where He's at.
Fruit is always bountiful whenever you're attached to Him. There is no lack; there is no lack of abundance.
The Lord said, 'Where I am, the treasure is.'Where the anointing flows, where the anointing goes, where that covering goes, the blessing was there to take care of My people.
Read—you know what, baby? Read that. Let's look at it. Do I have it there?
Let's take a pause right here and look at that. Where's my history on that?
It was Numbers. Yeah, read it. Can you read it loud? The passage? No, just the scripture.
Yeah, Numbers 9:17-23: 'And wherever and whenever the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, after that the children of Israel journeyed; and in the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their tents.
At the commandment of the Lord the children of Israel journeyed, and at the commandment of the Lord they pitched.
As long as the cloud abode upon the tabernacle they rested in their tents.
And when the cloud tarried upon the tabernacle many days, then the children of Israel kept the charge of the Lord and journeyed not.
And so it was, when the cloud abode from even unto the morning, and that the cloud was taken up in the morning, then they journeyed; whether it were two days, or a month, or a year, that the cloud tarried upon the tabernacle, the children of Israel abode in their tents, and journeyed not: but when it was taken up, they journeyed.
At the commandment of the Lord they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the Lord they journeyed.'You always stay where He's at.
And where He's at, there's blessing. That's what the Lord was showing me today.
I prayed a lot about this today, and He was showing me where the cloud is.
It may not feel like it was where it was before—where your assignment changes, where God has you changes the direction of ministry.
No matter if your flesh feels good about it or not, go where the cloud is. And where the cloud is, the provision is.
God will always abundantly supply for that season when you're underneath that cloud.
He said, 'There is no lack in Me. There is a lack of boldness.'You'll see; He told me that very strongly.
He said, 'Brenda, there'll be no lack in this end-time move.'As I've been praying these last three days, He said, 'I'm putting in My dream team.'He said, 'Do you remember the Olympics when Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, and Larry Bird—the best dream team ever?
They try to make a dream team now, but nobody compares to the original dream team back in the '90s when Michael Jordan and the others were whipping up on the nations.
It was amazing. I'm a basketball fan; I love basketball. But I'm going to tell you, there was no dream team like that dream team.
I mean, even with King James and what we have now with Stephen Curry, it's a joke compared to the last dream team in my opinion.
The Lord said William Branham, Jack Coe, Oral Roberts, and Kathryn Kuhlman were my '40s dream team. There was a dream team for that generation.
But I'm raising up My final generation, My dream team of this generation.'And there are certain people that you're about to see, Brandon, if you'll just say yes—that the glory of God will radiate out of you like Moses.
Your face will shine like Moses's did with the glory of the Lord.
He said, 'But you will have to be more dead to self than ever—dead to self so much so that it is a burning sacrifice that comes up before My altar.
I will share My glory with no one.'He kept telling me this week, 'But I'm putting in My dream team, the finals.
This is it—the last hurrah, the fireworks show, the great finale, the dream team.'And you're about to see signs and wonders.
I told you I saw Jesus and those chariots of fire with presents and mantles that we've never seen before were on those chariots of fire.
When I went to heaven, I could see the silos full of body parts: black arms, white arms, black noses, green eyes, brown eyes, blue eyes, black eyes—all kinds of different colored eyes, all kinds of different colored skin in silos.
The body parts were all in these silos for creative miracles, creative signs and wonders.
And I saw things in these silos that people have been believing for, and I saw the silos being emptied.
He said, 'There's no reason for them to be full up here, son, because you don't need them when you come up here.
I'm releasing the silos for this last outpouring.'I saw a glorious wave of the glory of God that was coming, and I saw mantles of people.
Everybody's always trying to say, 'Well, I want Oral Roberts's mantle back from when he was alive.'No, God's not a cookie-cutter.
You were fearfully and wonderfully made. You don't need Brother So-and-So's mantle; you have what God's put on you.
You don't need Kenneth Hagin's mantle or Kathryn Kuhlman's mantle. People wonder, 'Well, I wonder who got her mantle?
Was it Benny Hinn or whoever?'Billy Burke, or whoever is there—I can tell you they might operate similarly, but I can assure you Billy Burke is Billy Burke.
I'm personal friends with Billy Burke, and I'm telling you, the man walks in a healing mantle that is amazing.
Yes, it's similar to Kathryn Kuhlman's—similar, I'm going to say that—but he is fearfully and wonderfully made by himself, and it's beautiful to talk to him on the phone.
There are people who carry prayer mantles; there are people who carry things.
When the Lord talked to me about Jeannie Wilkerson and the impartations people receive, He said this is something that we've never seen before.
We cannot camp around old wineskins, for God is about to do something we've never seen before.
As I saw those chariots of fire delivering those packages, He reminded me of it.
He said, 'Do you remember December 25th, whenever you were giving your gifts to your kids?
I was giving My gifts to Mine.'Not all of those chariots of fire were able to deliver those gifts because the people weren't ready for them and they refused to take them.
I saw the chariot of fire turn back around and go back into heaven with that package on the back because they wouldn't take the gift.
Freely we've been given; freely we give it out. God is not a man; He's not a God that forces you to do anything.
He's a gentleman. The Lord showed me these gifts and callings of new mantles, like it was with William Seymour.
They were the original; they were the dream team of that generation.
But God said, 'I'm bringing My dream team of this generation,'with signs and wonders and mantles that have never been seen before, just like it was when Kathryn Kuhlman walked on the scene.
Nobody had seen that before. Nobody saw a woman wear a white dress like that and flow around, and the Holy Spirit and do all that she did.
Nobody had seen that before. She was original; she wasn't an echo. And the Lord said, "I'm raising up not echoes, Brandon.
I'm raising up new voices that will take the baton from the elders, the elder generation, and march on, soldier, onward Christian soldier."He said, "Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you all?
Stop looking to the past and look to what's coming, what God has for you to do.
You're a closer. You're built for pressure. God saved the best for last.
We will be the generation that does not taste death, but we move with the cloud.
Where is God calling you to be? Don't camp around what you used to do and what you used to think you were.
Find out God's word for the now, the word for today, and go to the place called there.
For when the provision dries up and the Riverbrook dries up and the raven stops coming and giving you the food, you have to go to the place called there.
Where is the provision that God has for your ministry? And where is what God has for you today?
Because God is a God of abundant supply and there is no lack in Him.
If you're a giver and you're a sower,"He said, "I'll provide 30, 60, and 100-fold."Either you believe it or you don't.
But if there's no bountiful supply, He said, "You got to go to the Word to where I said go to the place called there, Brandon.
Go and travel with the glory. For where there's glory, there's abundance."The manna always showed up every morning for the kids.
He always took care of His kids. And if He took care of them in the Old Testament, how much more will He take care of you in the New.
That's what He said to me. But you have to be where the glory cloud's at.
For where the glory cloud's at, that's where His abundant supply is.
And He said, "A lot of people are not in that place, and that's why they're struggling."And He said, "Break off the things of the old and what you used to know."And He said, "Brandon, I'm going.
It might be time to trim some fat. Trim some fat."He said, "Just because it worked back then doesn't mean it's for today.
And as the glory intensifies, I'll bring more supply."And I got so stirred up inside about this, about my own ministry and about what He's saying about me.
He said, "I'm the God of more than enough. The provision's always there.
The gold coin was in the fish's mouth, son. They never lacked anything.
Even my disciples, I took care of them always. Go to the place called there, Brandon. Always be at the place called there.
You can sit by the Riverbrook and worry about why it dried up and look at the river as it flows and go, 'What?
It all went away.'The raven doesn't come anymore because you got to go to the widow and I'll take care of you there.
I'll get the cake and the little oil, and abundant supply came on it.
The moment he blessed it and she sowed the seed, the abundant supply came to pay off our debts.
The abundant supply came that they had more than enough. They didn't starve and die.
He had more than enough. Go and sell all this. Look what I did. Boom.
Find every pot, every vessel, everything, and I'm going to fill it to the top, to the overflow, to the point where she was going and borrowing vessels.
The man of God is here. The Prophet of God is here, and where the place of 'there'is and where the place of provision is, God always provides.
And that's what He showed me today. And He said, "Watch where I had the children of Israel.
If they would have stayed back where the shadow and the glory was not, He said the supply wouldn't have been there.
The manna would have dried up. But I told them to move. I told them to do these things.
Even when their flesh didn't want to do it, I had them always on the move.
And a whole generation had to die off, Brandon, before they realized that I had blessed them to take the land.
That's why He said, "It's going to take people to have a backbone like a crowbar in these last days."It's not an abundant supply problem; it's a boldness problem.
Why? Because they wouldn't take the land. They wouldn't take the land.
So they had to have a whole generation die before they knew that they weren't the size of grasshoppers. You are not a grasshopper.
Giants may be all around us in these last days, and the enemy may look like he is surrounding us, but there are more with us than there are with them.
The Lord told me, "I don't care how dark it looks and how dark it's going to get.
The light is going to get brighter and the glory of the Lord is going to shine on His church, and we're going to touch and set free a generation of people that need a fresh touch."Watch.
He said, "Be patient with my babies."How many times has He said that over and over to me?
He said, "The babies are coming, Brandon. What will you do with the babies that I have given you?"Don't be mean to them.
You were a baby once, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
How will you handle my babies, what I have given you? To much is given, much is required, He told me.
And I saw the babies outside of the churches, and the Leave it to Beaver mothers came outside—it looked like Leave it to Beaver, you know, like the 50s moms had the old collars and the poodle skirt thing—and they were out there taking care of the babies.
And the babies had pink hair. The babies had blue hair. Babies had tattoos all over them.
The babies had piercings on their noses. And they got piercings in their tongues.
And they got piercings in their lips. But a lot of the church go, "Well, we discriminate.
We don't want you in here."The Lord said, "Be patient with my babies. I don't care what you look like.
Whether you have polka dots and you tattooed tattoos all over your face or your body or you got them all up your arms, Jesus Christ loves you and He has a plan for your life.
It doesn't matter what you've made yourself look like, how much you've tried to distort your face or say, 'I no longer identify as...
I don't want to be a boy or a girl. I want to be an alien.'I don't care what you think you are.
God created you in His image and He loves you and He has a plan for your life.
And we're not here to judge you. We're here to help you, lift you up, and the Holy Spirit will clean you up.
If He sees fit for it, that's His job. I'm here just to love you and get you through it.
Come on. Let's pray you through this, hon. I'm not going to beat you up.
I'm going to tell you what the Bible says, and we'll make sure you're getting on the right road with what the Word says.
But the ultimate is He's the judge. And He loves you and He wants that no man should perish, but all come to repentance.
Unless a man is born again, he will not enter into the kingdom of God.
And that's where we are right now. The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Will you help Him bring in the harvest? Travel with where the fire is at.
And I saw it over Minnesota, Minneapolis. I saw the glory of the Lord on a church.
I saw the glory of the Lord so strong that you're going to walk in and the power of God is going to grow out your arms. I saw gold dust on people. I saw as gifts were given.
If we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more does your Heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love Him? And I saw the glory dust on people.
I saw fresh oil, I saw fresh fire, and I saw a harvest of souls like you never would believe, like what happened in the old days."He said, "I'm going to do even greater in these days."You say, "Well, we had revival in the past."No, you haven't seen anything yet what I'm going to do with this generation.
He said, "The world has come after the youth and I'm coming after them harder, Brandon."That's what He told me.
So, I'm excited to be a part of it in any way we can. I said, "Lord, here am I.
Use me. Touch my lips with the coal of fire like You did the man of God. And here am I, Lord. Use me. I'll preach to the people.
I'll tell them what You're saying."He said, "I called you to say the hard things.
There'll be a lot of people ticked off at some of the things I tell you to say, but say it.
But say it like I did Jeremiah—say these things."And I do the best I can.
But I just want to encourage you a little bit tonight: be in the place called 'There,'for that's where the place of provision is for your ministry.
That's where God has for you. There is no lack with Him. He said the supply is always there.
I got this book given to me by Gabe. He sent this to me. I was excited about it.
I was happy for him. He wrote a book. Gabe, you know the young man, he has a YouTube channel.
Gabe... I don't want to call him Poirot. He wrote his book and he sent that to me.
I always try to be nice to people. He's a good kid and he loves the Lord.
He has "18 Days in Heaven,"a new book. He's out there. He told me, "I wrote this and I sent it to you.
Can I send you one?"But he had a book on there talking about heaven and I haven't got to read it yet.
I'm curious about it. But he sent that to me. It came in the mail this week.
He said that it's a number one bestseller. Isn't that interesting?
God's calling up the young generation to preach fire and to tell people Jesus is coming.
He has these experiences to warn the masses. Jesus is coming. We're running out of time. And so, we're excited about it.
I just want to be the best closer I can be, ladies and gentlemen.
And I don't have everything always right and I can miss it. Isn't that amazing that Jesus picks people that can miss it?
Jesus picks people that are imperfect. He says, "Brandon, do your best. Finish strong. You're a closer.
We're the closers."And this is where Diana and I—the Lord said to us today.
Where's the book? How long is this? We can go a little bit more.
Read this, love. Read some of this. This is where we've been camping as a family.
This book right here, Father Nash—it's a long title. Yeah. And that's what we've been focused on.
I've had her read this to me twice now through and she has it highlighted.
We were reading, but I want to go over the intercessory prayer, how important the groanings of the Spirit are that come only led by His Spirit.
You can't make it happen on your own. It's only led by the Spirit. You get real flaky.
There's a lot of weird, flaky people trying to do things and make your flesh do it.
But when the Spirit of the Lord comes on you through intercession, through prayer for the nations, when you take on the burden and you're interceding for the lost, the harvest will come out of prayer.
It is birthed out of prayer for what's about to happen. This will be sustained through prayer. It's not a one-and-done.
We must continue to come before the Father with intercession, praying for the lost, praying for the dying, praying for the hurting, praying for the miracles that are about to happen in this earth.
And the Lord said to me, "Raise up a million men and women prayer army on this YouTube channel, and in doing so, you will change the nations."And I'm so excited.
Maldonado said, "Hey, I got in contact with the president of Brazil.
He's a young man and he wants to hold revival services in Brazil, Colombia, all these different places in the Latino nations."I'm telling you, the greatest harvest of souls we're about to see.
A major move of God is going to happen in South America, in Cuba, in these areas, in Africa, in Asia.
But it's going to be fueled by fire, ignited with the Spirit, fueled by fire, fueled by prayer.
Brother Hagin said that this is what he got: "Fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit, ignited with His glory."Say it loud, love.
"Fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit, ignited with His glory."And that's what's going to happen with these last days. So this book encourages you about prayer.
And there's a lot of times when I went to heaven and I had the visitation, and what one of the people said to me there, they said, "Prayer can only take this so far.
It must be groaned out now."And I heard the groaning coming out like a cattle, like it sounded like a cow mooing.
And the Lord said to me, "This will be groaned out. The greater glory will be groaned out as you intercede in travail for this.
For prayer alone will only take it so far. The rest must be in groanings."And so this is why this book came up because Diana started finding things.
So read some of this. It'll encourage the people tonight and then we're going to pray.
"Hell fears a consistent intercessor. Power isn't the one-time cry.
It's the daily groan. I didn't pray once and call it faith. I prayed daily, groaned weekly, fasted often.
Hell doesn't fear your passion, it fears your consistency.
The devil can outlast your moment, but he cannot outlast your lifestyle.
A consistent intercessor becomes a permanent threat to the kingdom of darkness. Establish a rhythm that shakes the spiritual realm.
I had a rhythm, a holy pattern: times of prayer, seasons of travail, set hours of weeping, not out of religion, but because revival is worth fighting for every day.
Heaven honors patterns of faithfulness, and hell dreads them.
If you want sustained glory, build sustained prayer. Your legacy is built in repetition. No one writes stories about daily groaning.
No one celebrates the private fasts or the weekly watches, but heaven records every act of consistency.
Revival legacy isn't built in one moment. It's built in thousands of hidden ones.
One prayer may start the fire, but faithfulness keeps it burning.
How to become consistent in intercession: Set your times. Appointments with God create divine momentum.
Build sacred habits. Make prayer a lifestyle, not a reaction.
Refuse to be moved. Don't let feelings decide your faithfulness.
Lord of glory, I choose consistency. I won't be an off-again, on-again.
I won't burn bright for a moment and then fade. Make me steady, daily, reliable.
Let my prayers become an unshakable rhythm of fire. I want to be known in heaven for my faithfulness.
Let hell fear my schedule. When you become a prayer, intercession doesn't just come through you, it becomes you.
There came a moment when I stopped praying about things. I became the prayer.
My life was the groan. My breath was the incense. I wasn't just asking. I was embodying the burden.
When you become the prayer, you stop performing and start burning."Many thought I was strange, intense, too serious.
But I wasn't living for them. I was under divine arrest, marked by God, set apart for something holy.
The spirit had claimed my life and I surrendered to the calling.
Don't expect to be understood. Expect to be used. How to live as a walking prayer: let go of normal.
Intercessors often live a consecrated, misunderstood life. Yield fully.
Don't ask for revival without giving God your entire schedule.
Burn continuously. Stay in the posture of surrender until you embody the burden.
Holy Spirit, I don't just want to pray. I want to become the prayer.
Make my life an altar. Let my breath carry your groan. Possess my time, my energy, my soul.
I give up normal to carry the extraordinary. Let me be a walking intercession.
Let others encounter you through the fire that burns in me. Crying out for a generation you'll never meet.
True intercessors sow for what they may never see. See right here, Rachel Teafatiller.
Some of the people are glorious; some of these elders went on, but they were deep prayer warriors that prayed for the revival that we're about to have, and they never got to taste it.
So, this is what I thought about her whenever Rachel Teafatiller and these others prayed for this revival and praying for a glorious church.
Now, read that again. Read that again. I'm just trying to, you know, it's like Lucy—she never got to taste the revival.
Here we are. This is it. True intercessors sow for what they may never see.
I didn't just pray for the revival at hand. I prayed for the generations to come.
I cried out for children I'll never meet, for preachers not yet born, for nations yet to hear.
My prayers stretched into the future and seeded awakening for decades beyond me.
Legacy intercession is unselfish. It's eternal. The spirit will burden you for the unseen.
Many of my groans weren't even for the moment. They were for you—yes, you reading this now.
I groaned for your breakthrough long before you were born. Because God doesn't see time; He sees harvest.
He places future cries in present intercessors. You want to be used by God?
Then pray beyond your own timeline. Your ceiling becomes their floor.
Every generation of intercessors lays the foundation for the next.
The groans you release now become the fire others walk in later.
You may never see their revival, but your cry built the path they'll walk on.
If you'll sow now, they'll reap later, and heaven will credit your faith.
How to intercede for the future? Ask God for a generational burden.
Let your heart stretch beyond the moment. Declare revival over tomorrow's leaders.
Speak into the future by the spirit. Sacrificially give today for what only eternity will measure.
Eternal God, give me a burden for the generations I'll never meet.
Let me sow revival now for souls yet unborn. Let my prayers echo into the future.
Mark this season with groans that outlive me. Let others run into the fire I lit.
I choose to be a seed of awakening for now and forever. The joy of carrying what others can't see.
There is joy in the groan. Yes, I wept. Yes, I travailed. Yes, I bled in the spirit.
But hear me, there was joy—deep, unshakable joy—because I knew I was carrying something eternal.
I was housing a holy burden. I was chosen by God to birth what others would celebrate.
You will never be more fulfilled than when you carry God's burden with joy.
Intercession isn't depression. It's divine partnership.
Some think the groan is heavy and miserable. No, it is holy. It is glorious.
The burden of the Lord is intense, but it is never without joy.
He invites us to partner with him in the sacred act of transformation.
And when you realize heaven trusts you with something, that precious joy explodes in your soul.
The joy of the unseen assignment. They didn't clap for me. They didn't know my name, but heaven did.
And that joy—the joy of knowing I obeyed—was stronger than any applause.
I had joy unspeakable and full of glory because I was used by God to birth what others would never understand.
And I wouldn't trade it for anything. How to embrace joy in the throne: recognize heaven's trust.
You've been chosen to carry holy things. Celebrate obedience.
Let your joy be rooted in faithfulness, not visibility. Receive the smile of God.
His pleasure is your strength. Father, thank you for trusting me with a holy burden.
I say yes to the groan and yes to the joy that comes with it. Let me feel your delight as I press into the unseen places.
I receive the joy of obedience. Let my soul rejoice in carrying what few will ever understand.
When the burden becomes your identity, you stop carrying the burden; it carries you.
There comes a point in the life of an intercessor when you no longer say, 'I have a burden.'Instead, you realize the burden has you.
You've become one with the groan. You're no longer dipping in and out of prayer.
You are prayer. The ache of God has marked you. That's where I lived.
I didn't visit intercession. I became intercession. You'll never be the same once the burden takes root in your spirit.
Your assignment becomes your atmosphere. When I entered a city, I didn't have to ask what the burden was.
I felt it. Because the intercessor carries more than prayer points. They carry atmospheres.
When you're saturated in the spirit, your very presence becomes catalytic.
Conviction begins before the message is preached. Glory descends before the meeting begins.
Diana, I love it. The burden becomes a lens through which you see everything.
When God trusts you with his groan, there is no greater honor than to be trusted with God's burden.
When he lets you feel what he feels, weep where he weeps, intercede where he longs to move, it means he has found a yielded vessel.
The burden isn't a weight to escape. It's an invitation into divine partnership.
How to walk in your intercessory identity: stop compartmentalizing prayer.
Become a walking altar. Let the burden shape your schedule.
Don't resist it. Lean into it. Wear the groaning with joy. It means you've been trusted with heaven's ache.
Lord, I don't want to carry a temporary burden. I want to become the intercessor you can trust.
Let the weight of revival become my identity. Let your groan live inside me.
Make me one with your ache. I say yes to the burden, the calling, and the cost.
Praying until the glory dwells. Not just a visit, but a habitation.
I wasn't praying for an event; I was crying out for a habitation.
I didn't want a drop. I wanted a deluge. I didn't want God to visit.
I wanted him to dwell. And for that, I groaned until the air shifted and stayed.
Many pray for revival to fall. Few pray for it to rest. My cry was simple: Stay, Lord.
Don't just come; remain. Only intercessors can host the glory long term.
Preachers can ignite, worshippers can stir, but only intercessors can host because it takes groaning, covering, warring, and weeping to protect what God releases.
Glory lingers where prayer saturates the soil. You want revival to remain in your church?
Then keep the furnace of intercession burning non-stop. You become the ark that carries him.
I longed to be a man that God could dwell with—not just touch occasionally, but live inside continuously.
I became a walking tabernacle. I guarded his presence. I made my life his resting place.
That's what sustained the glory in Finney's meetings. It wasn't structure.
It was saturation. How to pray for habitation, not just visitation: guard the atmosphere.
Don't let glory be treated casually. Keep praying. Did you hear that?
When the Lord said to us, 'What you're about to see, do not take it for granted and let it become casual.
You must honor the glory what's about to be displayed in the atmosphere of your churches and your buildings.'Don't take it as casual.
Guard the atmosphere. Do not let the glory be treated casually. Don't dishonor it because you'll grieve the Holy Spirit.
Every miracle—I don't care if it's a hangnail and somebody's gotten healed by something—you go, 'Well, that's not that big a deal.'Well, it was a big deal to them and it was a big deal to the Lord or he wouldn't have done it.
He cares about all of it. Honor everything that's about to take place in the glorious Church.
Hover over it and treat it as precious. Keep prayer central.
Prayer must be the foundation, not the add-on. Ask God to dwell. Don't settle for anything less than lingering glory.
Prayer must be the foundation in your church to keep the glory going, not an add-on.
The glory is attached to the foundation of prayer. Ask God to dwell.
Don't settle for anything less than lingering glory. I want more.
It's not just going to be a one-and-done when we get there. We got it; it's here.
And we won't stop praying until you make the devil a greasy spot.
Smith Wigglesworth—it's like whenever you see—maybe it was Brother Hagin who said they saw this—you don't just, when you see the breakthrough, stop praying and giving God thanks and glory.
You make him a greasy spot in the road like an old roadkill. You run that devil up, you back up and you hit him again, you go forward and hit him again.
You keep doing it until he's a greasy spot. You make sure he's a greasy spot in your life.
A lot of people give up and let go of the rope when they see the first fruits of the victory they've been believing for, and they go, 'Well, we've got it,'and let it go.
Hallelujah. And you walk away. No, you keep hitting that thing even after you see the first fruits of the victory, and you back up and you hit it again and you run over and you run over again.
Just like it's saying: don't settle for anything less than the lingering glory.
Let it be so much so that it's taking over and you feel his presence.
What is the glory? The weightiness of his presence. Whenever you can't move, you smell it. It changes you from the inside out.
I've been in services like a Billy Burke meeting and the glory is so strong that you just lose track of time.
Like it was Sister Billye's tent meeting that one year. People were leaving, but you could just feel the glory.
I'm thinking, 'What is wrong with people?'It was five or six hours we were in that tent meeting.
It was hot outside, but we lost track of time because the glory was there.
And that's what the Lord said: there'd be 24-hour a day, seven-day a week services.
And people will be in there going, 'It's morning already.'Everybody's healed.
Everybody's in the presence of the Lord. It's six o'clock in the morning.
Look at that, the sun's coming up. We've been here all night.
Well, we better go home and get a little rest and get a bite to eat and then come back and do it again.
I wanted to know what it was like with John Kilpatrick during Pensacola. I've always wanted to talk about that.
Maybe one day he'll want to be a guest on our show to talk about the glorious outpouring in Pensacola.
It's going to happen again at the Church of His Presence. We're about to taste it.
A Shaking to Awaken is coming, ladies and gentlemen. I talked to somebody today on the phone and said, 'What's the tipping point?
What is the domino that's about to happen?'We're about to see what we've always longed to see, but it's going to be by prayer first.
And that's why we have it tonight. So, I know we've talked way too much—it's already an hour and 14 minutes—but I hope you got something out of the first half of this.
I love you, baby. Thank you for being here. I appreciate it. Let's take communion and pray and be excited about what God is going to do today.
I believe we're going to pray for President Trump. We're going to get through this and it's going to be wonderful.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? Like Brother Hagin always said, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful?'So, ready?
Let's take communion. Father, we just thank you. We take communion every day here, sometimes three times a day.
We make much of the blood of Jesus in this household. If you don't take communion on a regular basis, you're missing out.
This is relationship, not religion. This isn't something the Catholic Church does; I look at this as relationship.
Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of me. I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
My wife is wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. He dwells in this house.
And I take this often in remembrance of what he did for me. By his stripes, I'm healed.
His blood is enough. It covers me. It makes me whole. It washes me. It defeated the devil once and for all.
And I just remind him, 'Thank you, Jesus, for what you did.'Father, we take this body right now in the name of Jesus and we thank you for what you did.
You whipped him, Lord. You kicked him right in the teeth and then you stepped on his head.
Father, I'm so thankful for everything that you've done. You defeated Satan once and for all.
And I believe, Father, that we walk in that victory and that freedom in the name of Jesus.
We are the children of the Most High God and we dwell with you, seated with you in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
We have dominion and authority over the devil and we're not going to let him run rampant in our lives. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
And we take this body in remembrance of what you did when you kicked his hiney and you said, 'It is finished.'I love it.
He triumphed over him. The devil's defeated. And we have to continually remind him that he is.
You're defeated. You're not going to run over my kids. You're not going to put sickness on my house.
You're not going to put poverty on us. We have a covenant with a God who is more than enough.
We call for finances in the name of Jesus. Angels of the Lord, go now and bring the finances in.
Thank you, Lord, that healing flows from within. No sickness, no disease, no cancers, no diabetes, no nothing comes nigh us.
Healing and wholeness and wellness belong to us. You either believe it or you don't.
I'm moved by what the word says. I'm not moved by what I see or what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word says. And by his stripes, I am healed. This is symbolism of it.
Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory, and we take it in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us tonight. Father, I repent of my sins.
I thank you, Lord, that you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
And tonight we take the blood right now in Jesus'name. And thank you, Lord, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit.
Father, if there's anything you want to show me tonight, I thank you.
I'm led by your Spirit tonight and I don't hear any demonic spirits because I'm led by you and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
I cover my spiritual eyes and anything you want to show us. In Jesus'name, I plead the blood.
We're not here to perform. We're here just to yield to you, Holy Spirit.
So, Father, we're here to help you in any way we can. In Jesus'name, the blood of Jesus.
Amen. Every time is different. Don't ever make it cookie-cutter.
Thank you, Lord. At least I try not to. All right. Who wants to go tubing for a little bit?
I know we kept you longer, but it's Sunday, so we preached to you and then told you it's our service.
Our Sunday service—I told Dana this is Sunday service, so we preach a little longer.
It's an hour and 19 minutes. I'm not a drive-thru; I'm a slow cooker.
If you want McDonald's, go down the street to the secret friendlies.
Go get some McDonald's from them; you ain't going to get it from me.
I'm going to cook you a meal, and it's going to be prepared a little better than the McDonald's you got earlier today at your church.
Just Holy Spirit, for I don't want to get in trouble. Oh Jesus.
Father, we're so thankful. Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
You are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word and healed my disease.
You are the Lord, my healer. You are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer.
You sent your word and you healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer.
You are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word and healed my disease.
You are the Lord, my healer. I thank you that you are our healer tonight. I thank you, Lord, that you are our healer.
I hear this—it's called in Deuteronomy 'sicknesses of a long continuance.'I am setting you free from sicknesses of a long continuance according to Deuteronomy 28.
Galatians 3:13: Christ has redeemed you from the curse of the law, from sicknesses of long continuance—sicknesses that keep going on and on as a stronghold on your life.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to be delivered from sicknesses of long continuance.
The Lord will make the plagues wonderful, and the plagues of thy seed even great plagues of long continuance and sore sicknesses of long continuance.
Did I read that right, Lover? Deuteronomy 28:59, Galatians 3:13: Christ has redeemed me from Deuteronomy 28:59; I am no longer under that curse.
And the Lord says tonight, He is the God that healeth you. He is the Lord your healer.
And sicknesses of long continuance—sicknesses of long continuance are broken off of your life tonight.
Take it all! He said, 'Take it all that I've given you. Take the nations.'Days of great fun have just begun.
Ministry is supposed to be fun. He said ministry is supposed to be fun, for His burdens are light.
Cast all your care on me, for I care for you. He takes the care out of your prayer.
I'm calling you higher in your prayer time. Days of great fun have just begun for the body. He's hiding the remnant in the cleft of the rock.
He told us 1 Corinthians 5:5 was the scripture for 2026, and He's cleaning the house of the Lord right now.
And He said there'll be people that are preaching, they'll be there and they'll be there no more.
And I'm raising up new Davids; I'm raising up new Esthers. I'm raising up new ones that will take the baton.
He's putting in His dream team 2026. He's cleansing and cleaning up His bride to bring the bride to His side.
And the ones, the remnant that are awakened right now, He said, 'I'm bringing you underneath that cleft of the rock.'And as the shaking goes by, it will not touch you.
For you are my remnant, you're set aside. The purified bride—the ones that are already awake—you're just to intercede for the others for great shaking to awaken.
Some will fall and they'll go home early; some will be removed early. I see it again; there is much shaking yet to come.
I told you through the summer months, for you know not what they do behind closed doors and the doors that they open.
A shaking to awaken is coming to my church. Not in all cases, the Lord says, have they opened doors.
Lord said, 'Don't always say it's in all cases.'Sometimes elders are going to just go home with long life; He will satisfy you and show you His salvation.
You've got to grab a hold of Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 in these hours, especially with the ones that took the thing in their arm.
There are things that are attached to that. Cry out for mercy and plead the blood over it.
Do you hear what I'm saying? I hear very strong, Lover. Come up to the throne of God.
And I'll give you—you're able to see all that I need you to see.
As an eagle flies to the sky, you'll see on the edge of time. Humble, humble.
I see inflated heads. They'll be popped like a balloon. You've got an ego and resume.
You think, 'Well, I have entitled myself for this position.'And I see a shift in that—egos and resumes.
Heads that are big and arrogant because you've always been the top dog and you've not humbled yourself like a heart after David.
The Lord's shaking arrogance and pride. He's bringing the bride to His side.
He's breaking the yoke. The things that have held you down; the things that have held you bound.
Son, will you turn on that fan? I'm seeing the pink currency. I see Iraq. I see breakthroughs.
The Lord said, 'Take authority over these breakthroughs.'The wealth transfer.
Call forth the wealth transfer tonight. Release it! For seed time and harvest will come to its fullest.
Seed time and harvest—for the sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand.
The seeds that you sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
He's able. Multi-millionaires—I hear it again. Decamillionaires.
Claim it concerning this. The turn. You say, 'Well, what is it for today?'I see a cork coming out of a tub.
A cork that has blocked it. You are the God that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer.
You sent your word and you healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer.
You see, you start worshiping me like that because it gets too much about you.
I've seen it. And then He said, 'Give me praise,'and I feel the anointing come stronger.
You go vertical and the anointing comes on stronger when you go vertical. Keep your eyes on Him. You've got to come up higher.
When you start singing, I can feel the shifting of the atmosphere and you say, 'You can stay down here.
You can come up higher.'I say worship Him. Give Him praise through it.
Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole. Draw from the well like the woman at the well.
I was seeking for things that could not satisfy, and then I heard my Savior speaking: 'Draw from my well that never shall run dry.'Like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things that I could not satisfy, and then I heard my Savior speaking: 'Draw from my well that never shall run dry.
Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, I lift it up, and make me whole.'Draw from that well like the woman at the well.
I was seeking for things that I could not satisfy, and then I heard my Savior speaking: 'Draw from my well that never shall run dry.'Monday, I'm in Italy.
I can see the coast. I can see New York. I'm going from New York. I see an event taking place in New York again.
I'm in Times Square, right where that point is where the building is.
I can see the lights. I can see all the buildings lit up. It's nighttime. I'm there right now and I can see it very clearly.
I'm on the coast of Italy and I see the lights barely, like when you're getting ready to go to bed and the lights are starting to go off.
There's an event that's going to happen in the nighttime when people are asleep.
I'm there. I can see it very clearly. I see the gases. There are gases coming up like canaries in the coal mines.
There are gases that will come forth out of the earth that are very, very bad.
When these earthquakes take place, there will be cracks in the earth and there will be gases, and people will be poisoned in their homes.
I see a canary in the coal mine again. I see the earth shaking. I see Pompeii.
There are gases that are coming from the earth and it's poisoning them, and it's all in Italy. I want to go all the way in that river tonight.
Lord, I jump from the highest place and I take off my life jacket and I swim to the bottom with you.
I have to push myself down there. I can see the worship. And when I jump, I can see it, and then it pulls me out.
I have to go back down there and stay. Jesus, that name above all names.
Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine! Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
I'm an heir of salvation, purchased of God, born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.
This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long. Thank you, Lord.
Perfect submission, perfect delight, visions of rapture now burst in my sight.
Angels descending bring from above echoes of mercy, whispers of love. Perfect submission, all is at rest.
I and my Savior am happy and blessed, watching and waiting, looking above, filled with His goodness, lost in His love.
Father, we just worship you tonight. This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
I refuse to be held back behind this veil. I press beyond the veil.
I press through it. I have seen a glimpse and I see it so strong.
Warnings, warnings. I want the outpouring. I want signs and wonders.
I want to see the dead raised. I want to see what the disciples saw.
I want to see marriages be restored in these last days, and kids come home that have been strung out on drugs, and people that have been in the sex trade industry get free from it.
I want to see the blind eyes open and the deaf ears open. Jesus, I feel the warmth is right there.
I'm going to stand here until I push through. I'm going to go back to Italy. A shaking in Italy, a shaking at the Vatican.
A shaking in Italy, a shaking in the water, a shaking throughout the land. I see it again. A major shaking is coming to Italy.
A major shaking is coming on the fault line of Italy, so much so that it will form a crack in the land.
You'll see a crack in the land; the earth will split. And I actually see a red car that looks like a Mini Cooper.
It's a red car parked on the side of this crack where it split the asphalt from the earth moving from the buildings.
I see little mopeds falling in the crack, looking like little bikes or motorcycles.
Now I'm in Cuba and I see Cuba shaking. I see the islands shaking toward Havana.
I see Havana shaking. There's some kind of line. I don't know if this is from a hurricane.
We pray for Marco Rubio specifically; his face is before me.
We pray for Marco Rubio. I see a man that looks like a witch doctor.
He has a black top hat. I hear 'witch doctor.'Voodoo. It's voodoo coming out concerning Rubio.
I see a man with a black top hat. The strongholds over the island are coming down.
The Lord is setting the captives free. The glory like a blanket over Cuba.
You're cultivating in rocky soil. You're stirring the ground for the harvest.
Some plant, some water, and God brings forth the increase. It's the cultivation of the soil of Cuba.
I see a fox looking at me. A fox on the island. And the fox turned his head as we are praying, and the fox is looking toward us.
What is the Bay of Pigs? Why is that? It's around the Bay of Pigs..
And I hear the Bay of Pigs. The fox is around the Bay of Pigs. Keep track of this: Bay of Pigs and the fox.
The Lord says the fox is around the Bay of Pigs. They want to fight the freedom.
There are things happening in this bay. I see weapons. I see pirates in the bay.
For the sea. We're going to cultivate that. I see, but like pirates.
The pirates are smuggling things; they're taking things off the island.
It looks like valuable things. They're taking things off the island for the fox.
The fox is telling them what to do. I see a cartel; I see drugs and money there.
There's an invasion coming. They're trying to remove the goods before the invasion comes.
They're trying to remove damnable evidence before the judgment comes.
There's something with the Bay of Pigs. I hear Bay of Pigs. It's connected to the Bay of Pigs and the fox.
Damnable evidence—they're removing evidence. They're going to remove this evidence from the Bay of Pigs.
They are removing the evidence for the Bay of Pigs. I see a fox in control of this.
I see evidence, money, drugs, explosives, and the military.
I hear damnable evidence there. This is bad. They're in the Bay of Pigs. It's connected to this.
I see pirates with boats that look like military boats trying to remove this stuff because they know an invasion is coming.
They've been tipped off. I see a big ear, and someone has the ear—they're a mole.
You're trusting a mole, and they have the ear; they're listening.
A mole is listening and telling the fox. They have the ear, and they're pulling the ear.
It's concerning the Bay of Pigs. They want to remove the evidence.
A trial is coming concerning a drug cartel, concerning the leader—the gray-haired, slicked-back guy.
A trial is coming. Damnable evidence. Bad evidence. Is that the right word?
I'm supposed to say incriminating. That's a better word. Incriminating evidence.
Bay of Pigs. The fox—I don't know why he's symbolic, but I see the fox is looking at us.
It's for torture. I see torture rooms and places to experiment on people.
I see incriminating evidence, like torture rooms and biological weapon rooms, using people in these rooms.
They're biological labs for biological and chemical warfare.
Chemical warfare, testing on humans—they are like guinea pigs, using the people for psychological warfare.
This is very, very dark. It's torture. I hear Guantanamo Bay. I hear something very dark. I see Kennedy.
The reason he's not here anymore—well, he had already gone home because he's old—but I'm saying the reason he's not here anymore: there are things attached that are darker than you know concerning Cuba and Russia with the star, the Cuban Missile Crisis.
I see the modern-day fox trying to cover evidence because there's an invasion coming, and they've been tipped off by the mole.
The mole is leaking things. The mole is the source. Come and listen.
An invasion is coming soon. Liberation is coming soon. They're tying loose ends, as you see with Iran.
They want to tie up the loose ends. I see a tying of a bow. They want to finish the thing with Iran, but Israel is a wild hair.
I see Benjamin wanting the mountain. We cannot stop until we get what's in the mountain.
I hear Benjamin and President Trump arguing. They're not agreeing.
Benjamin wants to push the button concerning what's in the mountain. I see Israel acting alone.
It's going to make Trump very mad, and they will call this 'The Great Betrayal.'I hear Benjamin trying to act on his own concerning this.
We are a sovereign nation. I hear him say, 'We are a sovereign nation.
We can act alone. We don't know you.'But Trump's the 800-pound gorilla in the room.
They can't act alone. They say, 'We are a sovereign nation. We don't need you, America, to finish this.'What's in the mountain?
They want to focus on what's in the Bay of Pigs because there's damning evidence there.
The one you are trusting is a mole. They're trying to remove this stuff by pirates.
There are bad things that took place in the Bay of Pigs. I have to go deeper.
I have to come down in that water more. I can hear it very clear.
I see Trump wanting to act and tie up loose ends to be able to go after Cuba.
He wants Cuba now, but there's too many loose ends. He wants to finish this up to go over here in the invasion for Cuba.
He has pressing issues to go after Cuba before they lose the Senate, before they try to lose the House, before the midterms.
It's dear to Rubio's heart. There's moles and the fox, but it's concerning the mountain.
Benjamin wants in the mountain. He doesn't want a peace agreement; he wants what's in the mountain.
We must have what's in the mountain. We have to make sure we get the hidden things inside the mountain.
He says we must make sure they follow through to give us what's in the mountain. But he wants to act alone. This is very serious.
What's in the Bay of Pigs and what's going on with this—it's incriminating evidence.
There's something about torture. An invasion is coming soon. A liberation is coming. Churches, glory!
The devil has had a stronghold, and the witchcraft is breaking off of the island.
A major move of God is about to take place on Cuba. And they will be free. The Lord said, "And they will be free.
This will be a free people with a financial trade blessing on them, for the pain of the past will be broken off of them and a liberty will come.
A glory of My outpouring will flow over Cuba. A greater outpouring, a glory of the Lord will flow over Cuba.
Churches will be established. Financial blessing will be established.
A tyrant government will be removed and a new one—a proxy government—will be put into place, a proxy for now."Father, we pray over President Trump as he goes.
Father, we cover President Trump. We say no weapon formed against him shall prosper.
We plead the blood over him as he goes to the G7 in France. I pray over his food, over his drink, over his visit.
No weapon formed against him will prosper. A thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
We put a bloodline around about him in the name of Jesus. The angels of the Lord are camped around and about him right now in Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, that no bullets are on his right, his left, his back, his front—none of them.
The angels of the Lord are protecting him and the people that are gone with him.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit across the land concerning his life, I cover him in the blood that the Secret Service would see it way in advance in the name of Jesus.
We pray over Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka. And we say in the name of Jesus and Kai, that no weapon formed against his children and his grandkids will prosper.
We thank You, Lord, that they're always in the right place at the right time.
We've covered JD Vance, his children, his wife, Marco Rubio, and even Erika.
We thank You, Lord, that they are all covered in the name of Jesus, that no weapon formed against these people will prosper and every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
We pray for peace across Europe. We call a mighty revival across Europe in Jesus'name.
And we thank You, Lord, that they will not burn in the churches. But God, I ask You to wake up the church.
We ask You to wake up the body and whatever it takes to wake up the bride to bring her to Your side. We thank You, Father.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit across the land concerning our President, concerning our nation, the enemy within, the Red Dawn experience.
We thank You, Lord, that it's uncovered that, Father, the waterways, our water plants, our electric plants, our sewer plants, our electric grid—all of it.
Father, I thank You, Lord, it is covered in the name of Jesus.
Our banking now. We call the Clarity Act passed. I call the pink currency to revalue, to reinstate.
We say in the name of Jesus, the blessing and the increase and the multiplication and the favor is coming on the body of Christ, and it will be sweatless victory instead of days of labor.
Heaven on earth, that we receive the bountiful harvest that is waiting for us in the name of Jesus.
We call it in. We call victory over our finances. We call victory over this. And we say Clarity Act pass in Jesus'name.
And let the wave begin, for the greatest outpouring of the Spirit is riding on the wave of this.
I believe it. We call it in in the name of Jesus. And we believe we receive Your bountiful harvest over this land in Jesus'name.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for supernatural increase, supernatural abundance, supernatural favor—days of heaven on earth in Jesus'name. Thank You, Lord, for a good week.
I don't think there are any riots that happened this weekend so far, Father, other than the little bit there with the Kings'Movement and all that.
Thank You, Lord. As we start this new week for the 15th tomorrow, Father, we thank You, Lord, the 15th of this week is blessed.
I thank You for a good week. I thank You, Lord, for a godly week.
We thank You, Lord, that there will be decisions made, houses sold, brand new jobs—whatever they're believing for—healings in their body, good doctor's reports, Father, that the things that have held them bound are broken off of their life.
And that, Father, it's the time of soaring like an eagle to excel and to accelerate in these end times.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that this is a time like never before that we soar on wings of eagles and great blessing is on us in Jesus'name.
We believe we receive Your bountiful harvest in the name of Jesus and we thank You, Father, for this week ahead that You protect our President in Jesus'name.
Thank You, Father, that we get ready to go into the Father's Day weekend next weekend and the Fourth of July is coming.
It's fun. This is a fun time of year. And we won't have terrorist attacks.
And we thank You, Father, that there's peace in Jesus'name over Jerusalem.
And we pray over Billy and all them as they are having their last week in Israel.
Father, we cover them in the name of Jesus. And we thank You, Lord, no weapon formed against them would prosper.
And we thank You, Lord, that You bring Pastor Chip and Candace and all them home safe.
No weapon formed against them would prosper. We believe it in Jesus'name. Everyone say amen and amen. I believe it.
I don't know how long that prayer time went, but I think I feel pretty good about it.
We pushed for the Bay of Pigs, we pushed for all that, and we continue to pray over our nation.
Two hours and 30 minutes. Not too bad. Praise the Lord. Two hours and 40 minutes.
Praise the Lord. Well, thank you for joining us tonight, ladies and gentlemen.
We love you and we're so grateful for every single one of you that came out and prayed with us and spent the time with us tonight.
I pray you got something, you feel refreshed, and that we come back again tomorrow and we hit it again.
We keep going as we pray for everything time and time again. Tomorrow is Monday, and we'll be here again.
We'll be onward Christian soldiers. Thank you for reading to us tonight, Diana, and being a part of our prayer time.
We're so grateful for my sweetheart. She's pushing with us, always helping, telling people thank-yous and prayer requests, the Bibles and all that.
Always being on assignment. Yes. So, God bless you all. We're so thankful for you.
We'll be back again tomorrow. Come pray with us. Thank you for being a part.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of our YouTube channel if you're not.
And we'll see you again tomorrow. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you. And we'll see you again. Bye-bye.